More info, tips etc. to Cloud front page (#6499)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/guides/cloud.rst

EdgeDB Cloud is the easiest way to host your EdgeDB instance. We offer two ways
to interact with EdgeDB Cloud: via our CLI or through a graphical web

> interface nearly identical to the :ref:`ref_cli_edgedb_ui`.

Reviewer: It's a little pedantic, but "the EdgeDB UI" or something like "the interface summoned by the edgedb ui command" so it doesn't look like we're playing fast and loose with our branding. Should be capitalized unless we're referring to the command, in other words.
```suggestion
interface nearly identical to the :ref:`EdgeDB UI <ref_cli_edgedb_ui>`.
```

    * can contain only Latin alpha-numeric characters or ``-``
    * cannot start with a dash (``-``) or contain double dashes (``--``)
    * maximum instance name length is 61 characters minus the length of your

>       Org name (i.e., length of Org name + length of instance

Reviewer: Rebase this on my recent branch ([doc-cloud-connection](https://github.com/edgedb/edgedb/tree/doc-cloud-connection)), and you'll get my fixes on this, which are slightly different from yours.

web-based GUI <https://cloud.edgedb.com/>`_.

The first time you access the web UI, you will be prompted to log in. Once you

> log in with your account, you'll be on the Instances tab of the front page
> which shows your instance list. The other two tabs allow you to manage your
> Org Settings, and Billing.

Reviewer: Quoting in the context where we are referring to the name of the tab and lower-casing in the instances where we aren't.
```suggestion
log in with your account, you'll be on the "Instances" tab of the front page
which shows your instance list. The other two tabs allow you to manage your
organization settings and billing.
```

Instances
---------

If this is your first time accessing EdgeDB Cloud, this list will be empty. To

> create an instance, click "Create new instance". This will pop up a modal

Reviewer: Period inside the quotation is the prevailing grammatical convention in the US. Since I don't think it will create any confusion here, I'd vote for sticking to it (even though it honestly really bugs me).
```suggestion
create an instance, click "Create new instance." This will pop up a modal
```

Author: Ew. But okay, we'll follow that convention's lead I guess.

allowing you to name your instance and specify the version of EdgeDB and the
region for the instance.

Once the instance has been created, you'll see the instance dashboard which
allows you to monitor your instance, navigate to the management page for its

> database(s), and create secret keys.

Reviewer: I think this looks nicer and is still OK even if the instance has only one database.
```suggestion
databases, and create secret keys.
```

cloud login``. This will make all of your EdgeDB Cloud instances accessible via
the CLI. You can manage them just as you would other remote EdgeDB instances.

If you want to manage a database inside your instance, click through on 
its name from the top right of the instance dashboard. If you just created
a database, the database management view will be mostly empty except for a
button offering to create a sample database. Once you have a schema created
and some data in a database, this view will offer you similar tools to those
in our local UI.

You'll be able to access a REPL, edit complex queries or build them
graphically, inspect your schema, and browse your data.

Org Settings
------------

This tab allows you to add GitHub organizations for which you are an admin. 
If you don't see your organization's name here, you may need to update your
`org settings`_ in GitHub to allow EdgeDB Cloud to read your list of 
organizations, and then refresh the org list.

.. lint-off

.. _org setings:
  https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-oauth-access-to-your-organizations-data/approving-oauth-apps-for-your-organization

.. lint-on

Billing
-------

> On this page you can manage your account type, payment methods, and set your

Reviewer: Distinguishing between the two things we're saying you can manage — account type and payment methods — and the other thing you can do — set your email.
```suggestion
On this page you can manage your account type and payment methods, and set your
```

> email to send billing info. Optionally, you can also save your payment info
> using `Link <https://link.com/>`_, `Stripe's <https://stripe.com/>`_
> fast-checkout solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
email for receiving billing info. Optionally, you can also save your payment
info using `Link <https://link.com/>`_, `Stripe's <https://stripe.com/>`_
fast-checkout solution.
```

> <https://stripe.com/docs/payments/cards/supported-card-brands>`_.

Reviewer: Link is not the only option, right? I actually don't see it at all on my Billing tab. I like the idea of mentioning it, but I want to make sure we don't create a different confusion by talking only about Link when there are other card management options or when not all users will see it.

Maybe @jaclarke can shed some light on which options will appear here and under which circumstances…

Author: Looks like the layout gave me the impression that users needed to 1. Sign up for Link 2. Enter payment information, when the opposite is true: enter payment information as usual, and optionally sign up for Link for quicker payment next time. So best here is probably just to clarify that it's optional (just pushed a commit to change to that)

* Please join us on `our Discord <https://discord.gg/umUueND6ag>`_  to ask
  questions.
* If you're experiencing a service interruption, check `our status page
  <https://www.edgedbstatus.com/>`_ for information on what may be
  causing it.
* Report any bugs you find by `submitting a support ticket
  <https://edgedb.com/p/cloud-support>`_. Note: when using EdgeDB Cloud
  through the CLI, setting the ``RUST_LOG`` environment variable to ``info``,
  ``debug``, or ``trace`` may also provide further info on what is happening

>   behind the scenes.

Reviewer: > may also provide further info on what is happening behind the scenes.

I wonder if this implies we want the user to fix it themselves (when I'm guessing that won't often be possible). Maybe we change it to something like "…may provide additional debugging information which will be useful to include with your ticket."

If the user sees something in the logs they can fix, they'll probably still do it, but this makes it clear we're not trying to put the responsibility onto them.

Author: Sounds good, went with your suggestion.
